Added react code for init Moralis SDK (#61)
MoralisWeb3/MoralisDocumentation: moralis-server/getting-started/connect-the-sdk.md

/* TODO: Add Moralis Authentication code */
```

{% endtab %}
{% tab title="React" %}
```javascript

> /* Moralis init code */
> import React from 'react';
> import { MoralisProvider } from "react-moralis";
> 
> function App() {
>   return (
>     <MoralisProvider serverUrl="https://xxxxx/server" appId="YOUR_APP_ID">
>     </MoralisProvider>
>   );
> }
> 
> export default App;
> 
> /* TODO: Add Moralis Authentication code */

Reviewer: Remove the comments and we can add `App` component inside `MoralisProvider`. Plus we have `initializeOnMount` now which is required and might throw error in TS
```suggestion
import React from 'react';
import App from './App.jsx';
import { MoralisProvider } from "react-moralis";

function App() {
  return (
    <MoralisProvider
       initializeOnMount
       serverUrl="https://xxxxx/server"
       appId="YOUR_APP_ID"
    >
       <App />
    </MoralisProvider>
  );
}

export default App;
```
